season	yesterday daybeforeyesterday  cloud    umbrella
f	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
sp	rainy	  dry  		      cloudy   y	
w	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
f	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   y	
sp	rainy	  dry  		      cloudy   y	
w	dry	  rainy  	      sunny    y	
su	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   y	
f	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   y	
f	dry	  dry  		      sunny    n	
w	dry	  dry  		      sunny    n	
w	dry	  dry  		      sunny    n	
w	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   n
f	dry	  dry  		      sunny    n	
w	rainy	  dry  		      sunny    y	
f	dry	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
su	rainy	  dry  		      cloudy   n
f	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
sp	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
w	dry	  rainy  	      cloudy   n
su	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   n	
su	dry	  rainy  	      sunny    n
w	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
w	rainy	  dry  		      sunny    y	
f	dry	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
w	dry	  rainy  	      sunny    y
su	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   n	
su	dry	  rainy  	      sunny    n	
su	rainy	  dry  		      cloudy   n	
f	rainy	  dry  		      sunny    n	
sp	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y		
w	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   n	
w	dry	  rainy  	      cloudy   n		
su	dry	  dry  		      cloudy   y
f	rainy	  rainy  	      sunny    n	
f	rainy	  rainy  	      sunny    n	
f	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
f	rainy	  rainy  	      cloudy   y	
f	rainy	  dry  		      sunny    n	
f	rainy	  rainy  	      sunny    n	
f	rainy	  rainy  	      sunny    n
